Convert MenuButton to render props (#22)
StreakYC/react-menu-list: README.md

A MenuButton supports the following props:

* `menu`, `positionOptions`, `menuZIndex`, `menuParentElement`, `onWillOpen`, `onDidOpen`,
 `onWillClose`: These work the same as the props on SubMenuItem.
* If `renderButton` is not provided: `className`, `style`, `openedClassName`, `openedStyle`,`disabled`, `title` props are accepted and provided to the default html `<button>` element.
* `renderButton`: Optional render prop that allows a different component to be used
 instead of an html `<button>`. `renderButton` is a function with a signature of `(domRef: React.Ref<any>, opened: boolean, onKeyPress: (e: KeyboardEvent) => void, onMouseDown: (e: MouseEvent) => void) => React.Node`

>    * `domRef` is passed as a ref to the button's DOM element in your custom implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `domRef` must be passed as a ref to the button's DOM element in your custom implementation
```
